README.md, before:

AMSxTech Conference
===================

## Community goal

AMSxTech has always been about crossover between professions in the technology world (design, development, pm, business, marketing, etc) and allowing for people to exchange knowledge and create connections they otherwise wouldn't be able to inside their own 'silo'.

## Why a new conference

Amsterdam has moved up the standup ladder over the past couple of years now to become the #2 spot in Europe to hang out and have a startup. However the community has not grown in a way that makes sense for a safe haven for startups and tech companies. Thus we think something should happen!

We believe that a community is built on bringen people together with the same drive and different backgrounds. We believe that these different people talking about creating technological products can make for new interesting ideas and connections within the community and move it to the next level.

## How

We bring people together for a one day conference in Amsterdam. Technology agnostic but all in atmosphere of technology, innovation and new ideas. This is what we will do:
 - Created by technology scene, for technology scene
 - Quircky things to make you think in a different light
 - Accessible for everyone; all in English, affordable tickets, outreach programs for those who need it
 - Have fun while doing it!
 
## What

To Be Determined...

But some ideas:
 - A one or two day conference format
 - Real talks about ideas, passions and technology. No Commercial talks!
 - International speaker from different technologies
 - Workshops
 - Drinks!

## Current supporters:

 - [Joost "yopefonic" Elfering](https://github.com/yopefonic)
 - [Benjamin "hezus" Udink ten Cate](https://github.com/hezus)
 - [Wouter "foxycoder" de Vos](https://github.com/foxycoder)
 - [Rayta "raytalks" van Rijswijk](https://github.com/raytalks)
 - [Tonći "Tuxified" Galić](https://github.com/tuxified) 
 - [Justin "juice10" Halsall](https://github.com/juice10)
 - [Timon "timonv" Vonk](https://github.com/timonv)
 - [Padraig "paddymckee" McKee](https://github.com/paddymckee)
 - Anna Liebermann
 - [Catherina "cathko" Kowsoleea](https://github.com/cathko)
 - [Nina "salamalala" Regli](https://github.com/salamalala)
 
We need more people to join. Wanna join? Contribute, and add your name to the list!

Resources
=========

We have some experience, we may want to share thoughts about how to organize the conference

 - http://www.quirksmode.org/coh/

Contributing
============

This is now a general call to action that "we" as the Amsterdam (and greater region) technology community can help out. How to do that? Simple! Fork it, add your awesome idea and Pull Request. All open PR's will be discussed and don't forget to add your name to the supporters list if you're willing to help!

Commit message:

add way to enter slack and communications channel

README.md, after:

AMSxTech Conference
===================

## Community goal

AMSxTech has always been about crossover between professions in the technology world (design, development, pm, business, marketing, etc) and allowing for people to exchange knowledge and create connections they otherwise wouldn't be able to inside their own 'silo'.

## Why a new conference

Amsterdam has moved up the standup ladder over the past couple of years now to become the #2 spot in Europe to hang out and have a startup. However the community has not grown in a way that makes sense for a safe haven for startups and tech companies. Thus we think something should happen!

We believe that a community is built on bringen people together with the same drive and different backgrounds. We believe that these different people talking about creating technological products can make for new interesting ideas and connections within the community and move it to the next level.

## How

We bring people together for a one day conference in Amsterdam. Technology agnostic but all in atmosphere of technology, innovation and new ideas. This is what we will do:
 - Created by technology scene, for technology scene
 - Quircky things to make you think in a different light
 - Accessible for everyone; all in English, affordable tickets, outreach programs for those who need it
 - Have fun while doing it!
 
## What

To Be Determined...

But some ideas:
 - A one or two day conference format
 - Real talks about ideas, passions and technology. No Commercial talks!
 - International speaker from different technologies
 - Workshops
 - Drinks!

## Current supporters:

 - [Joost "yopefonic" Elfering](https://github.com/yopefonic)
 - [Benjamin "hezus" Udink ten Cate](https://github.com/hezus)
 - [Wouter "foxycoder" de Vos](https://github.com/foxycoder)
 - [Rayta "raytalks" van Rijswijk](https://github.com/raytalks)
 - [Tonći "Tuxified" Galić](https://github.com/tuxified) 
 - [Justin "juice10" Halsall](https://github.com/juice10)
 - [Timon "timonv" Vonk](https://github.com/timonv)
 - [Padraig "paddymckee" McKee](https://github.com/paddymckee)
 - Anna Liebermann
 - [Catherina "cathko" Kowsoleea](https://github.com/cathko)
 - [Nina "salamalala" Regli](https://github.com/salamalala)
 
We need more people to join. Wanna join? Contribute, and add your name to the list!

Resources
=========

We have some experience, we may want to share thoughts about how to organize the conference

 - http://www.quirksmode.org/coh/
 
## Communication

jucie10 created a channel for us in the AMSxTech slack group. Please [join](http://amsxtech.com/) to keep up to date with the details. Note that you will need an invite for the channel. Ask "paddy", "justin" or "yopefonic" to help you out.

Contributing
============

This is now a general call to action that "we" as the Amsterdam (and greater region) technology community can help out. How to do that? Simple! Fork it, add your awesome idea and Pull Request. All open PR's will be discussed and don't forget to add your name to the supporters list if you're willing to help!
